hi this is coming from Christ connection
I just want to take a moment today to
give you a app that I use all the time
excel most every day to help me with
Bible memorization it's called to
remember me app and it's available on
Android iPad I phone
so your basic uses I got here the
Android version of it I just want to
talk to you quick about it how I use it
and some of the basic features as you'll
see from my phone there you there's
three columns along the top there and
I'm just walk you through those that
first would be the new and that's where
you'll get any new verses that you want
to commit to memorizing click on the
little plus button down there and do
that while I'm doing this and that will
allow you to enter the scripture
reference that you want to memorize
along the top then the little arrow
there is if you want to hold down on
that you can get a bunch of different
versions so whatever version you'd like
to memorize in it it's probably in there
already now you click on that and then
commit to it and it won't show up in the
next category and that is the ones that
you do and that you're working on at the
moment you can scroll down and see that
there's however many that you're working
on at that given time and how many days
ago it is that you've looked at it
that's right next to that and you can
just float through I have it set up so
that the oldest is at the top so that I
can start there at the top and you'd be
sitting pull it up and you have the
different verses that your you're
working on and after you read over it
you have an x mark if you haven't
memorized it a check mark if you have in
this case I haven't memorized that so I
will just go back down to the bottom of
the list and then the third column here
is it's going to be the ones that you
have already met
but the one thing I love about this app
is that it will bring them back to you
even if you say you've got it correct
the first time it will bring it back
pretty quickly the second time will take
a little bit longer and it keeps working
further and further out the longer and
more times that you get it right I tell
some of them I take you know it's going
to be months before that comes back to
you but then they'll come back to you
and you like review it again so this is
a great tool for you and it also tracks
how many times that you have gotten it
right so that you can know if you're
getting it and getting it well and that
so this is a great tool for you if you
want to take a Bible memorization
keeping it simple you can do one a week
or adding to your system and then it'll
bring them back as you get to know them
I started with ones that I already knew
pretty well so that I could get some
momentum
yeah with it and there's other features
as well but and that's the basic idea of
the Remember Me app recommended for you
I have a great day